[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#250)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-api/mapoptions-object.md

---
title: "MapOptions Object | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article describes map options that can be used to the customize the map."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article describes the map options used to the customize the map when it is created, or after it has loaded by using the setOption function.
```
